Dear Seminar Participants,

I have uploaded the peer reviews of your ODE protocols, written by another group, to your respective group folders. Assuming I did not accidentally mix up any groups, you should now find feedback on your work there.

Please take some time to review the comments carefully and critically. As is common in any peer review process, some remarks may immediately highlight important weaknesses, raise interesting questions, or suggest valuable improvements for your protocol. Other comments may reflect different perspectives or assumptions that you do not necessarily agree with. In such cases, it can be equally valuable to think about how you would justify your current approach or argue against the criticism.

The purpose of peer review is not only to identify issues but also to stimulate discussion, refine ideas, and strengthen the reasoning behind methodological decisions. I therefore encourage you to engage with the feedback constructively and use it as an opportunity to further improve your work and clarify your arguments where necessary.

Best regards,

Torben



Hello Everybody,
regarding our shared poster session when you present your Version 1 of the Poster next week:
We can offer you to print your posters centrally and bring them to the Seminar. For this the ITMZ needs some time to print them out, because of this we would require to send us the Poster by Friday 9:00 am. 
Any submission after that and until 2 hours before the poster session will be printed out in (multiple) A4 papers from our office printer to be put together for the poster session. 
We will meet at our seminar room first then we will together to a different location since we want everybody to have some room to discuss the results. The final location is still TBD. I will update you on that later this week.  

If you have any other questions please let us know. 
This poster session can be seen as a way to get feedback and practice your talks in an peer to peer environment.

